Dan O'Malley (z5115383)

Week 1 

Formed a group of 5. Picked the portfolio management project. Agreed everyone would
read project proposal guidelines and marking criteria to kick off discussion next Monday
night. Group decided to meet 3x a week on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 7pm. 
I created a What's App group to facilitate all group communications outside of UNSW, 
Github and Jira. I also created a Google Drive folder to house documentation. Prep for next 
week included mapping background, user stories, sprints and architecture diagrams. 

Week 2

Met Monday night to discuss epic and user stories. Met again on Wednesday afternoon to 
divide proposal work up and settle on requirements. This week i wrote the background
section for the proposal and helped consolidate user stories and sprints in preparation
for proposal submission. 

Week 3

Met Monday night to run through progress. Sent Rachid a copy of proposal 
to give feedback for weekly meeting on Wednesday. Following feedback from Rachid helped
clarify and edit proposal in preparation for submission. Just waiting on submission to 
begin setting up environment for development and sprint 1.  

Week 4

Met Tuesday afternoon to allocate work for sprint 1. During the Tute on Wednesday we 
talked through proposal with Rachid and then discussed blockers for beginning work on 
code. This week i set up the database and connection adapter. This involved creating a 
schema and writing queries to beginning filling the database. I also wrote backend 
functionality for registering users to the webapp. 

Week 5

To begin week five i completed working on back end routes for registering users, 
verifying login credentials and creating and removing watchlists and assets from the 
database. In addition i helped connect front end and back end components. On Wednesday
we had our Demo A with Rachid. After our demo we had our Retro A meeting where we 
discussed what we did well and what could be improved on. 

Week 6

Downloaded csv with all ASX tickers. Wrote script to import ASX Tickers into database 
and function to verify user was adding a real ticker to their watchlist. Uni Flexi - 
Week so no more classes or meetings this week. 

Week 7

Helped build api functionality to provide stock data based on user preferences stored in
the postgres database. This involved creating numerous data structures and writing backend 
logic to make yfinance api calls. In addition i wrote logic for basic finance calculations 
on stock price return using data returned by yfinance, making use of pandas dataframes. 
I also wrote the functionality for automated email reporting on a users portfolio. One 
improvement we could make in the future is by calling a faster/ premium API.

Week 8

To begin week 8 I spent a few days testing functionality and fixing bugs in preparation 
for Demonstration B. On Wednesday i gave Rachid our group's demonstration where I 
highlighted our features from sprint 2. Overall i was pleased with how our group worked to 
finish all features that we agreed upon. In the demonstration i showed all tickets in Jira 
had been complete as well working functionality for each ticket. 

Week 9

Week 9 was super busy finishing work for other assignments so i only spent a few hours 
designing a front end autocomplete search component as well as adding price prediction 
functionality into our email reporting function. 

Week 10

Added price predictions into Email alerts as well completed search autocomplete component
for the front end. This week i also begun work on our groups final report, writing 
documentation/ manual for users to start/ navigate the webapp. In addition i documented 
features/ logic on how specific functionality in our web app works and behaves. 
